If you got to have a threesome with people in this room, who would you do it with and why?
Let someone go through your YouTube history and read it out to the group.
Let someone go through your Amazon purchase history and read it out to the group.
Have you ever sexted anyone? If so, read one of the sexts in a fake British accent.
What is the most adventurous thing you’d want someone to do to you?
It’s totally not legal to do this, but if it were . . . [fill in the blank].
Who do you most want to sleep with, out of everyone here?
What is the song that you get it on to the most?
Where are you on the straight/queer spectrum? Be honest!
What’s your favorite fantasy to pleasure yourself to?
Where is the weirdest place that you’ve ever gone solo?
What is your favorite "special" toy?
When was the first time you came?
Who was your best partner and why?
When was your first kiss?
Do you have an “I’m getting laid tonight” outfit? What it is?
What’s your favorite body part on yourself? On your partner?
Have you ever cheated?
Have you ever wanted to cheat?
How many people have you slept with?
Who’s the hottest person at work?
What would be more thrilling: angry sex or makeup sex?
Who here are you most jealous of?
Have you ever had an exciting dream about me?
Do you love me? How much?
Where do you see this going?
How many partners have you had?
How many people have you kissed?
When was a time you were so turned on you couldn’t stand it?
How many times a week do you touch yourself?
Have you ever done it at work?
Do you like telling me what to do in bed, or do you prefer to be told what to do?
What is the most you’ve done for sex in the past?
What's the greatest number of times you’ve done it in one day?
What's the greatest number of times you’ve touched yourself in one day?
Have you ever done it while other people were around without them knowing?
Do you like a lot of foreplay? What kind?
Would you take a shower with me?
What is one thing that gets you hot and bothered every time?
Do you try to feel me up when we hug?
Do you ever just want to tear off my clothes?
How often do you watch something naughty?
Do you want to pull my hair?
Do you enjoy it when I kiss you on your neck?
When did you last go solo?
If I looked in your nightstand, what would I find?
Have you ever thought about me in the shower?
What’s something you’re afraid to tell me?
What is your favorite piece of clothing and why?
What is your favorite sexual memory of me?
How have I changed since we got married?
What do you love about me the most?
You know, I’ve always wondered . . . [fill in the blank]
Did you always know we were going to get married?
What sexual adventures do you want to go on in 30 years?
What’s something I did that you didn’t expect?
Are you where you thought you’d be 10 years ago?
If you could buy anything with $50, what would you get?
Would you let me look through your browsing history?
If you could give me a nightclub dancer's name, what would it be?
Did you ever fantasize about a teacher or an authority figure? Who and what was it?
Ever put something weird in your body?
When did you watch adults-only videos for the first time?
When do you remember being attracted to another person for the first time?
Would you play oily Twister with me?
Have you ever wanted me to tie you up?
When was the first time you knew you were attracted to me?
What’s the filthiest thing you’ve imagined doing to me?
Have you ever given or received a lap dance?
What is your wildest fantasy?
What was it like the first time someone went down on you?
Have you ever been attracted to the same sex?
What’s your self-love strategy?
What’s the worst kiss you’ve ever been given?
What is the most fun you’ve ever had in a romantic setting?
What’s something romantic you’ve done that you’re most proud of?
What’s your favorite body part on a guy?
Have you ever had a wardrobe malfunction?
Who's the most embarrassing crush you’ve ever had?
What was it like going down on someone the first time?
Have you ever faked it? When? Can you recreate it?
How do you like the taste when you go down on someone?
What’s the hookup you regret the most?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve done in a relationship?
How often do you trim down there?
Have you ever gotten a bikini wax?
Have you ever considered a threesome?
Have you ever had a one-night stand?
What’s the most embarrassing thing that turns you on?
When did you lose your virginity?
Do you have any interesting fetishes?
Have you ever been to a strip club?
When did you go solo for the first time?
What was the most powerful sexual experience you’ve ever had?
What’s your favorite body part on a girl?
When was the most embarrassing time you got turned on?
Have you ever thought about the same sex?
If you were into the same sex, which male celebrity would you go for?
Have you ever wanted to try on women’s clothing?
What is the dumbest thing you’ve ever done?
Who is your strangest off-limits crush?
Have you ever cheated?
When was the last time you cried?
Have you ever made someone cry?
Do you prefer one-on-one or the more the merrier?
What is the craziest thing you’ve ever watched?
What is one thing you’ve never done in the bedroom?
Have you ever done it in a car?
Have you ever given or been given ‘attention’ while driving a car?
When it comes to lingerie, is less best, or do you want something to unwrap?
Are second rounds exciting or exhausting?
Have you ever roleplayed?
What’s the worst lie you’ve ever told?
What’s your worst substance story (getting drunk, high, etc.)?
Do you have any spicy pictures or videos saved on your phone?
How many people have seen you naked?
What is the last video you watched on YouTube?
What are you wearing?
What’s something your mom doesn’t know about you?
What’s your worst fart story?
What did you think of me when you first met me?
When you were six years old, what did you want to be when you grew up?
What is the dumbest thing I’ve ever said?
When was your sexual awakening?
What's the best purchase that you’ve made for $10 or less?
What was your first sexual experience?
What was your wildest sexual experience?
If I went through your room, what would I be surprised to find?
What's your favorite place on your body to be kissed?
Who do I remind you of?
What’s something you want me to do for you?
What’s something you want me to do to you?
What’s the worst thought you’ve ever had?
What’s the best news you’ve ever heard?
What’s the worst thing you’ve ever done at work?
Do you have a journal? If yes, show me the most recent entry.
Have you ever cried because of me?
Who’s your favorite family member?
What is your favorite possession?
What’s your biggest insecurity?
What are you thinking about?
What’s been on your mind lately?
What are you afraid of?
Who’s the one that got away?
Have you ever dyed your hair?
Are you turned on right now?
Do you want to be tied up?
What is something that is absolutely off-limits in the bedroom?
If you were to give a full body massage, where would you start and where would you end?
What was your funniest sexual experience like?
Have you ever done it in a public place?
Who’s the ex you’d do again in a heartbeat?
What's the hottest thing someone’s ever done to you?
Do you have a hot cousin?
Do you think your parents are hot?
Fill in the blanks: No one ever did X like X did.
Fill in the blanks: I would pay $1,000 to have X do X to me.
Who (or what) was the love of your life? (So far?)
When was the last time you got really angry?
What is your favorite plant and why?
What’s something you would die if your mom found out about?
What is something you did that you feel really guilty about?
Which cartoon character do you have the biggest crush on?
Fill in the blank: If you really knew me, you would know . . .
Show me something you still have from when you were a teenager. Why do you still have it?
Show me the most embarrassing thing in your bedroom.
What’s in your bedside drawer? (Show me.)
Describe your package in detail, including what it likes, what it wants, and what it’s feeling.
What was your biggest sexual disappointment?
When were you sexually rejected?
What's the funniest mishap you've experienced while doing it?
Do you have a name for your special places?
Have you ever kissed someone of the same gender?
Have you ever slept with someone of the same gender?
Do you own any adult toys?
Have you ever flashed someone?
Have you ever taken a body shot?
How long do you last?
Have you ever sexted someone?
Have you ever thought about sleeping with me?
Have you ever pictured me naked when talking to me?
Do you ever smell your toes?
How often do you pick your nose?
What’s the grossest thing that you do when you’re alone?
When you were eight years old, what did you want to be when you grew up?
What’s the strangest game you used to play as a kid?
What were you doing one year ago today?
Read everyone the first email in your inbox.
Read everyone the last conversation you had in Messenger on Facebook.
Have you kissed anyone in this room?
Who here do you find most attractive?
Who’s the most boring person here?
Who here is the least likely to do anything with their life?
What would you name your children?
What's something you wish you didn’t know?
What’s the lamest thing you’ve Googled?
Reveal a secret thought that you’ve had about someone in the group.
Did you ever dislike anyone in this group?
When was the last time you pooped or peed your pants?
What's the most recent reason you went to the drug store after 11 PM?
Have you ever done anything illegal (besides the obvious like speeding, having a sip of alcohol when you were underage, etc.)?
